Update upgrade-dbt-version-in-cloud.md (#7599)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/fusion/supported-features.md

## Requirements

To use Fusion in your dbt project:

> - You're using a supported data warehouse and authentication method:

Reviewer: On the note above, should we change these all to read
```suggestion
- You're using a supported adapter and authentication method:
```
